(THUMPING)
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
WESTON: I'm going to
talk to Parker about
my promotion today.
In the worst-case scenario
you're two weeks ahead of me,
you get a gorgeous
little apartment
in the Marais.
What if I don't want
to live in the Marais?
(SHOWER RUNNING)
WESTON: We couId live
somewhere else, then.
Yeah?
Yeah.
We could go to Detroit.
Detroit?
Yeah, you could
meet my mom and dad.
You can meet my sister.
She owns a bakery,
and she will
make you fat.
(LAUGHS)
I have six hours before
I have to go back
to the hospital.
You want to go
back into bed with me?
WESTON: I do.
(BEEPS)
But I got back-to-back
meetings all morning.
Too bad for you.
WESTON: Yeah, I know.
But I got to get in.
There's probabIy
already 25 people
lined up outside
the door, waiting.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
I love when
you speak French.
(KEYS BEEPING)
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
OPERATOR: Satcom check.
Echo Nine Three
Victor Echo Two.
LANDLORD: Ops Center.
WESTON:
This is safe house 7-R.
we're open for business.
Confirmed.
Any reservations?
Nothing in
the registry.
Walk-ins?
Not expected.
Reconfirm in three hours.
Understood.
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
BARLOW: Matt?
Your cell, really?
(CHUCKLING) Relax, l've got
an encryption packet.
You know me,
I never relax.
Watch the cholesterol,
old man.
You sound like Miriam.
So, what's new
in Cape Town?
WESTON ON PHONE:
Nothing, nothing.
I updated my Surveillance
Target Analysis.
It's compIete now.
Yeah, that's an exit report.
It's not due until you leave.
Exactly. Exactly.
And when is that?
How long has it been?
Twelve months.
Well, talk to me
in another four.
David, I'm dying here.
What's happening
with the post in Paris?
One slot,
37 applicants.
Every one of them with
more field experience
than you.
How am I supposed to
get more experience?
I'm staring at
four walls all day.
I got passed up on Rome,
then Berlin.
You said yourseIf,
my evaluation
was excellent.
Just put it in
front of Whitford.
I know he'll see
that l'm ready to go,
I'm all in.
Matt, I know
this has been hard,
but it's the way
the system works.
Look, I'll talk to
Whitford about Paris,
but I can't promise anything.
(SIGHS)
Look, I've got to go.
Don't worry,
I'm looking after you, okay?
Yeah, I know,
I know, I know.
(DISCONNECTS CALL)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
FROST ON PHONE:
This is not a negotiation.
It's 1 0 million.
You'll get the file,
and if the money
is not in the account
by 3:00 p.m. ,
I'll take it
to another buyer.
MAN ON PHONE:
How do we know that
you won't do that anyway?
You don't.
(DISCONNECTS CALL)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Here you are, sir.
FROST:
Alec, how are you?
Petrus, 1 972.
You look good.
I do, don't I?
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
So, how are things
at MI6?
The usual.
Same bureaucratic bullshit
and appalling remuneration.
Life of a government man.
Mmm-hmm.
So. . .
WADE: The original file.
Dates,
transactions, names.
A bargain
at triple the price.
Take a look.
Hmm.
(SIGHS)
I've been waiting
a long time for this.
WADE: Tobin. . .
What's in that box
is going to make
the world
a smaller place for you,
for both of us.
I got your account.
You get your cut
24 hours after transaction.
Some of our old bosses
aren't going to be happy
these files are out
in the open.
Do I make you nervous?
Always.
Good.
(BEEPS)
(METALLIC CLINK)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
You want her?
(GUN FIRES)
(GRUNTS)
(WOMEN SCREAMING)
(PANTING)
WADE:
Please, listen to me.
I had nothing to do
with this.
FROST: Stop.
(SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE)
Let's go.
(ENGINE STARTS)
WADE: Tobin, you have
to believe me.
I knew nothing
about any of that.
FROST: Did you know
if anybody
was following you?
No, I don't think
anybody was following me.
I swear on my life,
Tobin, I had absolutely. . .
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(GRUNTS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(CAR ALARM BLARING)
(HORN HONKING)
(HORN BLARING)
Slow down.
(CROWD CHANTING)
(HORN HONKING)
We're going by foot.
Head towards the square.
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN FIRING)
(PEOPLE PANICKING)
MAN: Move! Move! Move!
(SIRENS WAILING)
We're heading west.
Holland Street.
Move, move.
Excuse me, sir.
Thank you.
My name is Tobin Frost.
(PHONE RINGING)
Linklater.
When?
Lock down the consulate.
Get me a team in
the Situation Room
in five minutes.
I want everything we got
on Tobin Frost.
ASSISTANT: Yes, ma'am.
Is it him?
Yep.
Whitford know?
LINKLATER:
I'm on my way there now.
GUARD: Sir,
place your finger in there
until I tell you to stop.
(BEEPS)
Thank you.
(KEYS CLATTERING)
So how long has he been
playing in your backyard?
We're working to get you
that answer right now.
Meaning you don't know.
No, meaning,
we're looking into it.
The guy goes rogue,
he spends nine years
selling out the Agency
to all takers.
To Russia, China, Iran,
you name it.
The guy is just not
going to prance
into an American consulate
without good reason.
(BEEPS)
WHITFORD:
All right, listen up.
Everybody off the phone.
Tobin Frost has
just waltzed his way
into a U.S. Consulate
in Cape Town, South Africa.
Now this man,
without question,
is one of the most
notorious traders
that we've got.
Errington, call up
his background profile.
ERRINGTON:
Tobin Frost was recruited
into the Agency in 1 984.
He tested
off the charts in aptitude
for psychological field work.
His first assignment
was in Lebanon,
in January, 1 985.
Three months later,
he captured and flipped
a high-ranking
Hezbollah leader.
Over the next
severaI years,
Frost successfuIIy
questioned and recruited
many high-vaIue individuaIs.
He became known as
an expert manipulator
of human assets,
and he literally rewrote
Agency interrogation
protocols.
LINKLATER: Frost served
in many active theaters,
including Libya
from 1 995 to 1 998,
Jordan, 1 998 to 2000.
During his tenure
in Jordan,
Frost was suspected
of leaking information
to Mossad,
but nothing
was confirmed.
Ten years ago,
Frost went off
the reservation completely.
He currentIy
has no allegiances
and is wanted
for espionage
on four continents.
His last known sighting
is Hamburg, Germany, in 201 1 .
You know, Harlan,
we should interrogate
Frost now.
Sweat him for
everything he's got.
Once he's stateside,
we have fewer options.
I have
an interrogator in Yemen,
can be there in eight hours.
I already have
a team in Jo'burg
that can be there in two.
We'll take Frost
to the safe house,
interrogate him there.
My people
are fully capable
of handling this.
This is Tobin Frost.
We'll go with Jo'burg.
Okay.
(BALL BOUNCING)
You must turn around.
Help. Help.
(PHONE RINGING)
Accident.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
(PHONE CONTINUES RINGING)
Housekeeping.
LANDLORD ON PHONE: We have
a last-minute reservation.
ETA for check-in?
Sometime tonight.
Freeark Insurance.
Got it.
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
ANA ON PHONE: Hello.
Hey.
Hey, where are you?
WESTON: Parker just handed me
his oversight papers to finish
and his daughter
Chloe's got the measles,
can you believe that?
How long are you
going to be out for?
I don't know.
Okay. Well, look,
I'm gonna dive into this,
and then hopefully
I can meet up
with you later, okay?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Hey, hey. . .
I love you.
I love you, too.
Bye.
RICHARDS: Extraction team
is in the air, sir.
They should be
on the ground
within the hour.
I want that team
in and out of the city
in less than 1 2 hours.
We're not even
supposed to have
a presence in Cape Town.
RICHARDS: Yes, sir.
WHITFORD: Any communications
about Frost's whereabouts
are strictIy need-to-know.
Sir, the extraction team
is en route to
the consulate now.
Who's reaching out
to 7-R?
Richards, ma'am.
I want
the housekeeper briefed.
High-priority target
is coming in.
I want the house quiet.
Under no circumstances
should there be
any communication
until the team has left.
Yes, ma'am.
(BEEPING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(INTERCOM CHIMING)
Yeah?
Do you have a room?
Account?
Daniel Kiefer.
Freeark lnsurance.
K-l-E-F-E-R.
Kiefer. Freeark Insurance.
LANDLORD ON PHONE:
You are a go.
You're good to go.
Hi, l'm Weston.
Guest room?
It's right
around the corner.
Two rights and a left.
All the way back.
That's Tobin Frost.
KIEFER: Stay with him.
Let's go download
our gear.
POPE: Yes, sir.
Linen closet?
Down the hall.
Just right at
the end, there.
Kill all
the surveillance cameras
in this room.
(OVER SPEAKERS)
My name is Daniel Kiefer.
We were at
The Farm together.
Technically,
you were a year ahead.
I'm here to
make you aware
of your rights.
You're being held under
a National Security Directive,
which means you have none,
but you know that.
Six-hundreds.
The towels,
you need six-hundreds.
Those are 350,
375-gram weight.
You're gonna
need six-hundreds.
KIEFER: I want to know
the reasons for you
being in Cape Town.
I want you to name
your resources,
contacts, assets,
everybody you've
done business with,
traded intel with,
sold secrets to,
in the nine years
since you betrayed
your country.
Absolutely.
Anything you want, Daniel.
KIEFER:
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
lasted 20 seconds.
They had six-hundreds.
Is this legal?
KIEFER: Bring him down.
(MUFFLED YELLING)
(SIGHS)
Bring him up.
(GASPING)
How long was that?
(FROST COUGHS)
All right,
take him down.
(FROST GRUNTING)
(MUFFLED YELLING)
Bring him up!
(GASPING)
(SPlTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Get me a knife.
(POWER SHUTS DOWN)
(ALARM SOUNDING)
Miller?
Get in there
with Frost.
Sir, all the security cameras
are down.
Reboot. l want to
see what's out there.
POPE: Copy that.
KIEFER: Let's go, boys!
MILLER: Go! Go! Go!
Let's go, move!
Velez, take this corner.
Ericksson,
get the back elevator.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Pope, what do you got?
POPE: Sir, l see
approximately 1 2 heavily
armed men in perimeter two.
KIEFER: Okay, gents!
Work fore to aft.
Two-by-twos.
Perimeter two.
KIEFER: Greer?
GREER: Sir!
KIEFER: Ericksson?
ERICKSSON: Yes, sir.
KIEFER: Velez?
Velez?
I'm good !
Let's go, fellas.
(EXPLOSION)
GREER: Incoming !
KIEFER: Grenade!
(GREER GRUNTING)
(GUN FIRING)
(GROANING)
Greer!
KIEFER: Step-slide!
Start walking back!
Velez!
Three-round bursts!
(FIRING CONTINUES)
Velez, where's Greer?
He's over there, sir.
Go, son.
This ain't a test.
This is the real thing.
What are you
gonna do?
You don't want
to try me.
KIEFER: Magazine!
VELEZ: Let's go.
(GUN FIRING)
(SCREAMING)
Velez, stay there!
Listen to me,
stay there!
Son of a bitch !
Miller!
Hey! Get in here!
Hey, hey. Take these.
Go watch him.
(PANTING)
Hey, they're here for me,
but they want me alive.
You, they'll kill.
(SNIFFLES)
You got one
in the chamber?
(BULLET CLINKING)
It's okay.
I remember
my first posting.
Rio de Janeiro.
A house like this.
Beautiful women.
Not one single visitor,
but I remember
rule number one.
You are responsible
for your houseguest.
I'm your houseguest.
The clock is ticking.
They gave you the keys.
Do your duty, son.
Shut up. Let me think.
You want to be the guy
that lost Tobin Frost?
Tick-tock,
tick-tock, tick-tock.
(KEYS BEEPING)
(DOOR UNLOCKS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
Where's Frost?
(GUN FIRING)
(PANTING)
We're leaving.
Where is he?
(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Stay here, stay here!
Wait! Don't move!
Hey, hey, hey!
(HORN BLARING)
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
WESTON: Go!
Get in the trunk.
Are you serious?
Yeah, get in.
The trunk?
Get in the trunk now!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SHOUTS IN FRUSTRATION)
No!
(SIRENS WAILING)
(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(RINGING TONE)
OPERATOR: Ops Center.
Echo Three
Victor Echo Nine.
Go ahead.
This is Weston.
7-R's been hit.
Everyone's dead.
I need you to
repeat that, pIease.
Say again.
Kiefer,
his team, everyone,
they're all dead.
Stand by.
Transferring.
(PHONE RINGING)
lt's the house.
Linklater.
(ON PHONE)
This is Weston.
The safe house
has been breached.
What's your location?
WESTON: I'm eastbound
on Albert Road.
I'm just
passing woodstock.
(GRUNTING)
I want eyes on this.
Real-time sat feed.
LINKLATER: And what's
the location of the guest?
WESTON: We escaped.
LINKLATER: Clarify.
Do you have the guest?
Yes, we escaped !
Look, I can make it
to the consulate.
There's no chance
for SDR,
I think I might have
picked up a tail.
We can't have a gun battle
in front of the consulate.
Diplomatic catastrophe.
Where's that
satellite feed?
Denied by National Recon.
War theater use only.
Buy us some time.
Do not go
to the consulate.
Follow protocol
Alpha Zero.
Secure the guest
and stay off the grid.
Reconnect at 1 800 hours.
I repeat, stay off the grid.
Copy, copy, copy.
(HORN BLARING)
(THUD)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(GUN FIRING)
(HORN BLARING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
(PANTING)
All right,
Cape Town police have
responded to the house.
Confirmed.
LINKLATER: I want
the site secured.
RICHARDS:
I'm hearing nine dead.
FEMALE ANALYST:
Initiating damage control.
MALE ANALYST: I'm on it.
Reaching out to NIA now.
The locals are going to
have that house locked off.
Check all
the traffic cameras,
police reports...
Find out why Frost wanted
to go in that consulate
to begin with
and who in the hell else
might be after him.
We need to get
Weston and Frost
out of South Africa.
Now, do we have
any tactical teams?
Anything in play?
Yeah, l have
assets in Egypt,
but they're in deep.
If I pull them out,
that would compromise
two years' worth of work.
I can scramble a team
from Europe or Asia,
but it's going to
take at least 1 8 hours.
At this point,
Weston is all we got.
I need to find out
who this Matt Weston is,
right now.
FEMALE ANALYST:
Matthew James Weston.
Born 02-24-82 to
Terry and Madeline weston
in Port washington,
New York.
An assault arrest,
one month after
both parents and
a younger sister
were killed in
a traffic accident
in which his
father's blood-alcohol
was twice
the legal limit.
Yale, degree in Economics,
recruited out of Yale law.
High marks in analytics
and linguistics at The Farm.
Excellent in
tradecraft skills.
His girlfriend, Ana Moreau,
is a French national.
He reported them
as having "close and
continuing contact."
She's a second year resident
in the oncology department
at Groote Schuur.
WESTON: Get in that car.
FEMALE ANALYST:
She accepted a position
with Hôtel-Dieu Hospital
in Paris,
starts in two weeks.
No known political
affiliations. She's clean.
I want you to post a car
outside their apartment.
Use back channels.
And get NSA to cross-check
their telephone records
and their e-mails, please.
Yes, ma'am.
FROST: You know, it would
be easier if I knew
where we were going.
You just drive, all right?
Just drive, middle lane.
All right.
Hey, what are you doing?
Middle lane.
Just drive around.
FROST: All right.
I'm driving.
(SNIFFLES)
Nice to know who
you're talking to.
What's your name?
You crushed my windpipe.
Well, you locked me
in the trunk.
Come on, you're not NOC.
You're here
under your real name.
What is it?
Weston, Matt.
All right.
How long you been
a safe house keeper?
Twelve months.
Happy birthday.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
Cape Town,
that's low-level detail.
You should have been
out of here by now.
Maybe I requested
the assignment.
(FROST CHUCKLES)
Or maybe Langley
doesn't trust you
with anything else.
So, what's your plan?
Oh, let me guess.
Follow protocol.
Protocol states that
if your house is crashed,
you do an SDR
to make sure
no one's following you.
Activate your GPS
in your Go-Bag,
select another safe house.
You think I'm going to
let you just take me in?
I think you need
to shut up.
(FROST CHUCKLES)
I think you need to consider
how your house was attacked
in the first place.
Have you done that, Matt?
They followed Kiefer.
They followed him
from the consulate,
and that's how they
found the safe house.
Come on, you don't
really believe that,
do you?
How did they know l was
near the consulate
in the first place?
Hmm.
But l like this, you know.
You and me, figuring shit out.
Like the Hardy Boys.
(LAUGHS)
That house was
a secure location.
Whoever crashed it
didn't stop by a gas station
and ask for directions to
the nearest safe house.
They were invited.
Someone told them,
Matthew.
Think about it.
Someone you know.
So you better ask yourself,
can you trust your landlord?
Go ahead,
you're not going
to get in my head.
I already am
in your head.
They're going to
isolate you, Matt.
be real nice
to you at first.
They're going to put
their arm around you
and tell you things like,
"You did a decent job, son.
We'll take it from here."
That's when you know
you're screwed.
Forget about me.
They're going to
focus on you.
They're going to try
and make a connection
between you and I.
So that if this
all goes wrong,
they'll have something
to fall back on
in their little
Senate hearings.
I'm not your
only enemy tonight.
WHITFORD:
So, it's someone in-house.
It's the only way
this thing could've
happened.
We were
completely buttoned up.
I want a list of everyone
who knew about this.
Backgrounds, affiliations,
particularly any
connections with Frost.
Every movement right
up until this operation.
Your extraction team,
how long had
they been together?
My team had been
together six months.
Why?
Well, I'm just trying to
get my head around this.
That will do, thank you.
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
ANA ON PHONE: Hello.
Hey.
Baby, where are you?
I'm all right.
I'm okay.
I'm sorry
I didn't call you back,
I saw your missed calls.
You must be worried sick.
Is everything okay?
WESTON: I'm good.
I'm good. Listen.
This sounds so crazy.
We had some threats
against the clinic
last night,
so Parker and I,
we stayed all night
trying to get to
the bottom of it.
And I'm sorry that
I didn't call you back.
I should have, right away.
I was so worried.
I know.
Can you do me a favor?
Can you go over to
the window for a second?
why?
Can you just
take a quick look
out the window?
I want you to see if
there's anyone out there.
Are there any cars
that don't belong?
Anyone hanging
around out front?
There's a police car.
what's going on?
I'm sorry about this.
I know this is a lot,
but we felt like
it would be best
if we didn't go home
as a precaution,
and I agree with him.
I know there's
nothing to worry about,
but I agree with him.
I think you should
just go to Dena's
for a little while,
just for a few hours,
and I'll call you
in a little bit.
And we'll
get together, okay?
Okay, I'll go.
Okay. I love you.
I'll talk to you soon,
all right?
Don't worry. Okay, bye.
(WATER RUNNING)
She know what you do
for a living?
The girl on the phone.
It was a girl, wasn't it?
Maybe it was a guy,
I don't know.
I don't judge.
You can't expect to
have a real relationship
in our line of work, Matthew.
Don't worry.
She's not going
to leave you.
See, what happens is,
you try to
protect her with lies,
and then it starts
to add up.
At the safe house
you said that they'd
kill me to get to you.
After a while,
even the truth. . .
Why?
. . .starts to sound
like a lie.
You have something. You got
something that they want.
What is it?
Is she a local?
Don't worry about her.
What is it?
Oh, it is a girl.
You'll keep
covering your tracks,
she'll keep believing.
Because she wants to,
because she needs to.
That's why we exist,
you and me,
that's our job.
To take advantage of that.
People's desire
to believe.
To trust.
She's not going to
leave you, Matthew.
You're going
to leave her.
I'm not you.
MALE ANALYST:
Correct, sir.
We verified it.
(PHONE RINGING)
That is your boy.
You take it.
MALE ANALYST:
Everybody, stand by.
Matty, it's me.
How are you holding up?
I'm all right.
Matt, we can't
get another team in
for at least 1 2 hours.
Sorry.
We've cleared a new
safe house for you
outside the city.
There's a Go-Bag located
at locker number 256,
Green Point Stadium
Metrorail station.
The combination
is 2-5-1-22.
2-5-1 -22.
Now, the bag's
got a GPS in it.
It'll direct you
to the safe house.
But you got to be careful,
it's an active location.
So, approach
with caution.
Matt?
Do you know how
they found Frost?
Do you know who
led them to us?
We're working on that.
We're counting
on you, Matt.
Get Frost to that safe house
and you can write
your own ticket.
I will.
WESTON: Left at the light.
To the stadium?
Yeah.
(HORNS BLOWING)
(SPECTATORS CHEERlNG)
WESTON: Hey, scarf.
How much for a scarf?
VENDOR: Only fifty rand.
WESTON: Thanks.
Cuff your hands
together.
Together?
Yeah.
Out.
FROST: Are you sure
you don't want to
just walk away from this?
Can't do that.
Yes, you can.
You should.
Move. Go.
Across the street.
(ALL CHEERING)
Going to the game.
I like games.
Metrorail,
straight ahead.
Straight ahead.
Right over there.
(BEEPING)
Let's go.
(SPECTATORS CHEERING)
Help! Help!
He's trying
to kidnap me!
WESTON: Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa!
He's trying to
kidnap me! Help!
He's got a gun !
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
He's got a gun
right there!
I'm undercover.
I'm undercover!
Calm down, sir.
Everybody, calm down !
(FROST CONTINUES YELLING)
(PEOPLE PANICKING)
Get down ! Get down !
All right! Okay!
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
OFFICER:
Get him up. Get up.
FROST: Ow, ow, ow!
I'm an American citizen.
I don't know what
he wanted from me.
OFFICER: Just calm down.
(YELLING IN AFRIKAANS)
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm a police officer.
I'm from America.
I arrested this man.
His name is Tobin Frost.
Where did you take him?
He's in the infirmary.
There, there!
Is that it?
Top left,
second screen from the top!
Look, look, the infirmary.
Right. Go back.
Third-tier infirmary,
now! Move!
Third-tier infirmary.
Go, now!
Do you see?
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(GROANS)
Don't move.
(KEYS JINGLING)
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
(SPECTATORS CHEERING)
Frost!
Hey!
(GUN FIRES)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Stop! Stop!
Get out the way!
Stop!
(GUN FIRING)
No! Stop!
(WOMAN GROANING)
Medic!
Drop the gun.
Drop it.
I'm responsible for you.
(GROANS)
You're responsible
for yourself.
Get on your knees.
Are you going
to kill me?
(GUN FIRES)
I only kill professionals.
(GRUNTING)
OFFICER ON RADlO: Height,
approximateIy six feet.
Anglo, wearing
a stadium security jacket.
The suspect was last seen
entering Green Point
Stadium Metrorail,
stadium concourse.
Sir, we have a thread on
what Frost might be
doing in Cape Town.
Can you bring up. . .
Alec Wade.
Fifteen-year NOC at MI6.
Sabotage, counter-ambush,
counter-IED tactics,
until he blew up an op
in Lisbon four years ago
and was put on a desk,
pushing papers.
Cape Town Police found him
shot through the head,
high-powered rifle,
1 4 blocks from
the consulate.
Witnesses placed someone
fitting Frost's description
in the car at the time
of the shooting.
And we think, what?
That they were
working together?
They ran joint operations
in Hamburg in the mid-'80s.
Frost's last sighting
was in Hamburg, 201 1 .
And what are the Brits
saying about Wade?
Officially,
they're saying nothing.
Unofficially?
He's been the subject
of a five-month
internal investigation.
They think he's
been trading intel.
Hmm.
So what the hell
did Wade leak to Frost
that was so important
it was worth killing six
of our men?
I want more details from MI6.
Call in every chit you got.
Yes, sir.
David, I want
an internal investigation
into Daniel Kiefer
and his team.
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
I've got Weston calling in
for David Barlow.
WESTON ON PHONE:
I lost him.
BARLOW ON PHONE:
Frost?
Yeah, he's gone.
After I picked up the GPS,
he created a diversion,
took out a couple of cops
at the stadium.
BARLOW: Any idea
where he's headed?
Not exactly,
but I will.
This is Linklater.
You said he took out
two cops?
Matt, you're on speaker.
Yes, ma'am.
At the Green Point Stadium.
FEMALE REPORTER ON TV:
...involvement in
a possibIe kidnapping.
The suspect is being
described as a white male
of medium build.
Stadium police is
reporting you shot a cop.
I returned fire
in self-defense.
The fact of the matter is,
Frost is on the loose.
I've spent the last
1 4 hours with him.
He might have said
or done something
that could lead me to him.
You are to stand down,
proceed to the consulate,
and present yourself
for exfil and debrief.
Acknowledge.
By the time I'm debriefed,
Frost will be gone.
I've spent 1 2
months researching
every square inch
of this town.
I will find Frost
and I'll deliver him.
Weston, this is
Harlan Whitford, son.
Now, you've done a fine job,
but we'll take it from here.
Understood.
(DIALING)
(RINGING TONE)
ANA ON PHONE: Hello.
Sir, I respectfully
request that,
that exchange not
make it onto his files.
He's either incompetent
or he's working
with somebody else.
Do not make this
about Weston.
It was your guys
that lost Frost.
It was your team that
folded at the safe house.
I want both of you
on an airplane
to Cape Town.
Frost is trying to
get out of the country.
Go find his ass.
There you go, baby.
One ticket to Jo'burg.
Thank you.
(WHIRRING)
(BEEPS)
(BEEPlNG)
(CAMERA CLICKS)
NEWSREADER ON TV: Police had
detained American NGO
worker Matthew Weston
as a possible suspect
in the shooting.
Weston had been
detained earlier today,
but managed to escape
while being questioned by
stadium security officials
about his involvement
in the shootings.
The suspect has been
described as a white male
of medium build,
possibly wearing
a stadium security outfit.
Baby.
Are you all right?
l lied to you.
About everything.
The NGO, Parker.
My job.
My family.
So, who do you work for?
The government.
CIA.
(SOBBING)
No, I don't. . .
I don't do anything.
I sit around in
an apartment all day.
I answer the phone.
I need you to leave.
I need you to do that
for me. Okay?
(SNIFFLING)
Here.
This is a ticket
to Jo'burg.
When you get there,
you go straight
to the airport.
There's a 6:00 a.m. flight
to Paris.
Take this.
You take this.
If anyone stops you. . .
If anybody stops you. . .
Who do you think I am?
Stop, stop.
Fuck you !
Hey, stop. Stop it.
We broke up a week ago.
You haven't seen
me since, okay?
I'm sorry.
Just leave. Please?
Do you love me?
Very much.
Go. Go.
Go.
(SlGHS)
WOMAN OVER PA:
Attention, all passengers,
Platform 20
for Langa Township
departing in five minutes.
Langa Township,
(KEYS CLATTERING)
Sir. Someone just logged
into our system using
Weston's password
accessing his
stored files.
WHITFORD: It's him.
What the hell
is he doing?
I'm not sure.
I want to see
what he's looking at.
RICHARDS:
He's pulled an old report
on surveillance targets
living in the Langa
Township area.
It's a profiIe
of Carlos Villar,
a Nicaraguan national.
He's a known
document forger.
WHITFORD: Get me a copy
of Weston's report.
RICHARDS: Yes, sir.
FEMALE ANALYST:
Logged off, sir.
He's gone.
An Internet cafe
on Long Street.
(HORN HONKING)
Like a black
Dorian Gray.
That's right.
How you doing, brother?
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Come in.
Yes, sir.
Illana?
ILLANA: Hi.
CARLOS: We have a guest.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Illana.
Good to meet you.
Joseph, my daughter.
How are you?
DAUGHTER: Hello.
CARLOS: My son-in-law.
(LAUGHS)
ILLANA: (CHUCKLES)
May I offer you some tea?
No, we're going
upstairs.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I remembered.
You even let it breathe.
"Too long a sacrifice
Can make a stone
of the heart
"O when may it suffice?
"That is Heaven's part"
In the old days,
a cheap bottle
of Flor de Caña kept us
happy all night.
Mmm. Tastes change.
People change.
People don't change.
We grow old.
And some of us adapt.
And learn how to enjoy
simple pleasures of life,
like a family, a home.
And for you. . .
What's in that glass
right now, for you,
is as good as it's
ever going to be.
One day you'll understand.
You got more past
than future, you learn.
What is this?
An intervention?
(SIGHS)
I thought you were dead.
So, what brings you to my home
in the middle of the night
after all these years?
Ooh.
DAUGHTER: Papa?
CARLOS: Uh-huh.
We're going.
Okay, be careful.
Okay, Papa.
What are you
going to do with this?
Make some money.
Let me borrow
your glasses.
That's it. Listen.
I'm going to
need a new passport,
photo lD, driver's license,
the whole shebang.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah.
You sure?
Yes.
LINKLATER: Weston never
showed at the consulate.
And he was just
accessing our secure server,
searching for someone
to create an alias package.
He's trying to
leave the country.
Or he's going
after Frost.
LINKLATER:
Look at what happened
at the soccer stadium.
This guy
let Frost escape.
I think Weston's turned.
I know this boy.
He's been Iooking
for a chance
to prove himseIf.
He's trying to
bring in Frost.
LINKLATER:
Come on, David.
You're not
seeing the evidence.
(CLEARING THROAT)
Not my best work.
But given the pressure
of time, it's passable.
It's good.
I'll wire you the money
as soon as
I get out of town.
Tobin, don't do this.
It's different.
You don't need the trouble,
you don't need the money.
You can give it. . .
(GUN FIRING)
(GROANING)
ILLANA: Carlos!
Illana!
CARLOS: Illana!
(SCREAMING)
(GUN FIRING)
Carlos.
Carlos!
(GUN FIRING)
Go.
He's on the roof!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(SPEAKING AFRIKAANS)
MAN: Go! Go!
(WOMAN SHRIEKS)
(GRUNTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(CLANKING)
(MEN GRUNTING)
(GUN FIRING)
Get in the car!
They think they can
come at me like this.
Have to do it a whole
lot better than that.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Shit!
Matt, how'd you find me?
It wasn't that hard.
(PANTING)
(CAR STALLING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
Let's go.
(GUNS FIRING)
Wait, wait, wait.
(GRUNTING)
(GUN FIRES)
(STRAINING)
(GROANS)
(GUN FIRING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
Who do you work for?
WESTON: Who sent you?
Who sent you?
Who?
Vargas.
Who's Vargas?
You want to die?
(GRUNTS)
Who's Vargas?
(GUN COCKING)
Matt.
CIA.
CIA! CIA!
(PANTING)
Report?
There was a shootout
in the Langa Township.
Two crime scenes.
One at the residence
of Carlos Villar.
He's a document forger.
The other in
a nearby tenement.
And where was
Frost last seen?
Tenement.
Have fun at Villar's.
We'll meet up later.
You were right
about Ana.
That's her name.
FROST:
Sorry to hear that.
Most case officers
get married three,
four times.
You?
(SCOFFS)
Once.
(GRUNTING)
(EXHALES)
WESTON: You're falling apart
over here.
(BOTTLES CLINKING)
(STOPPER POPS OPEN)
Don't kill innocent people,
Matthew.
What?
Air traffic controller,
a tiny airstrip in Bermuda.
George Edwart Cox,
I remember that name.
Edwart, with a "T."
My inside officer said
he was organizing
arms shipments,
but he was just
an air traffic controller.
He was just a guy.
I put a bullet
in his skull.
Black Ops came in,
they replaced him
with one of their own,
and crashed a Gulfstream
in the ocean that night.
The thing was,
the family that
was on the plane. . .
The husband,
he was a whistleblower.
The whole thing was about
stopping him
from testifying
about wet works
to a congressional hearing.
Is that why you left?
No.
(SCOFFS)
I went back to
work the next day
like nothing ever happened.
You practice
anything a long time,
you get good at it.
You tell a hundred lies a day,
it sounds like the truth.
Everyone betrays everyone.
That's a shitty excuse.
Yeah, I used to be
innocent like you.
Wrap myself up
in the flag. . .
I'm going to take you in.
Good for you.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Barlow.
LINKLATER ON PHONE:
Witnesses identified
a pair of men
fitting weston and
Frost's description
leaving this
location together.
So, he pulled it off.
Weston is aiding and
abetting a fugitive.
BARLOW ON PHONE:
You're wrong.
If he's with Frost,
he's taking him
to the safe house.
That's where
we got to be.
(WATCH BEEPlNG)
Fine. Fine.
Meet me at the crossroads
at Old Malmesbury Road.
(GUN COCKlNG)
KELLER: Who are you?
You Weston?
Give me the shotgun.
What the hell is this?
Who are you?
l'm Keller.
Safe house keeper.
Authorization lndex,
Bravo Four Seven
Oscar Whiskey Six.
lnside. Let's go.
To the left.
Slowly.
l don't know who
trained you, man,
but this sure as hell
ain't protocol.
Where's the guest room?
That's the thing,
we don't really
have one.
ln there. ln there.
Cuff him.
To the pipe.
Out. Over there.
All right.
Control room.
Whatever you say, man.
lt's your rodeo.
(KEYS BEEPlNG)
Call it in.
Let me hear it.
(RlNGlNG TONE)
(OVER SPEAKER) LandIord.
My guest is here.
Account?
Abaresque Limited.
with a guest?
Yeah, package delivered.
Confirmed.
Pickup scheduIed.
They're on the way.
Can we at least
put the gun down now?
Thanks, Clayton. Bye.
lt's a microchip.
What?
(SlGHlNG) That was
my guy from Ml6.
Wade got his hands
on a microchip.
And what was on it?
Only Wade knew,
but l think
it's safe to assume
that's why he
hooked up with Frost.
To sell it.
Let's get moving.
(GUN FlRES)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN FlRlNG)
(SlGHS)
Long day, huh?
l can only imagine.
Tobin Frost.
That man's a legend.
l hope you
picked up something.
You ain't going to
find a better education.
(SCOFFS)
This is the most
excitement l've seen.
You're the first guest
l've had in 1 0 months.
But you wouldn't
know anything
about that, right?
You got a city posting.
Yeah, nightlife, beaches.
Little ladies
running around everywhere.
Yeah.
l'm jealous.
You got coffee?
Yeah, it's in the cupboard.
Where?
Want me to get it?
l got it.
(CELL PHONE VlBRATlNG)
(BOTH GRUNTlNG)
(CLATTERlNG)
(GRUNTlNG)
(GROANlNG)
(GROANS)
(SCREAMlNG)
(GRUNTlNG)
(CHOKlNG)
(GRUNTS)
(NECK BREAKS)
(PANTlNG)
(GRUNTlNG)
Why are you
in Cape Town?
Tell me now. Why?
What is it?
A dirt list,
laundry list.
lsraeli lntelligence,
five years ago,
compiled blackmail intel.
Corrupt agents,
German lntelligence, Ml6. . .
ClA?
Yes.
We got to get away.
We got to get out of here.
(KEYS JINGLING)
(HANDCUFFS UNLOCK)
Ah, shit.
Don't, don't, don't.
No, don't leave me here,
please.
Don't do it.
(GROANING)
Matt?
Hey.
How you doing?
I'm proud of you.
And what you pulled off.
You're going to make
a hell of a case officer.
Where's Frost?
He's gone.
Place is a wreck.
Blood everywhere.
Was he injured or. . .
I guess you know
he killed Keller.
No.
I killed Keller.
Frost killed Keller.
He killed Linklater, too.
Did he talk about anything?
Anything he was after?
Anything he might
have had?
The file.
The file?
The file that you're on.
Along with a lot
of other people.
Important people.
(SIGHS)
BARLOW: Listen to me.
What would you do
if someone is
watching your every move?
Some maybe
you're not proud of.
And you will have some
you're not proud of,
believe me.
And then tries to
use it against you?
You would do
what you have to do.
(SIGHS)
Where's the file?
(GUN FIRING)
(GUN COCKING)
Matt, the file.
Where is the file?
You're a dead man.
Yeah, a long time now.
Frost is here.
(GRUNTS)
(GUNS FIRING)
(GROANS)
Let's go.
(GUN FIRES)
(PANTING)
We got him.
A hell of a job.
You smell that?
Pinotage.
It's a good grape.
Great wine.
Local grape.
Pinotage is great. . .
I don't want you
losing this one.
It's worth a lot
of money.
(CHUCKLING)
You're a good boy,
Matty.
You know what you are.
(GASPING)
Hey.
I know what you're not.
You're better than me.
No, it's okay,
just be better than me.
You promise me.
Yeah.
Well, let's. . .
Let's go.
I just got to get up.
I need to get up.
Stay.
Hey. . .
That's exactly
as it happened.
Obviously,
this situation needs
to be handled with
a certain amount
of finesse.
Has anybody else
seen this report?
No, sir. Not yet.
Matt, I'm sure this
comes as no surprise,
but parts of this report are
going to have to be altered
for national security.
Which parts, sir?
Well. . .
David Barlow can't
be held responsible
for what happened
to the safe house.
We just don't
need the scandal.
But, sir,
you and I both know that,
that is just not the truth.
People don't want
the truth anymore, Matt.
It's too messy.
Keeps them up nights.
I'll tell you what I am
willing to do, though.
I think the Agency
has grossly
underestimated you,
and I'm recommending you
for a senior case officer
position.
Provided you still want it.
That's a generous
offer, sir.
There's just
one thing you need
to clarify for me.
Of course.
Frost may have been
carrying some vital intel.
A file.
I'm not seeing that
anywhere in this report.
What was
on the file, sir?
Something that,
quite frankly,
could be very damaging
to the Agency
and to our allies.
I don't see why Frost
would even mention
something like that to me.
No, I suppose he wouldn't,
would he?
You realize, though,
that if that file did leak,
what would happen
to the person responsible?
That person would
be arrested, sir.
He'd be risking
everything.
He'd have enemies
in every intelligence
agency in the world.
In the eyes of the CIA,
he'd be just like
Tobin Frost.
Frost didn't say anything
about a file, sir.
All right, son.
Take a few days off.
We'll get you
started next week.
Thank you.
And think about
our conversation,
would you?
Will do.
I'll take it
from here, sir.
JOHN C. KING ON TV:
...and other media outlets
received a controversial file
from an anonymous source.
The international
intelligence community
is still reeling
from the release of so many
highly classified documents
and the revelations
of widespread corruption
and criminaI activity
at the CIA,
the BND, and MI6.
REPORTER 1 : ...is in
an uproar over the Iack
of oversight given to
British Intelligence,
demanding accountabiIity
of the rogue agents.
Officials at Ml6
are fully cooperating.
REPORTER 2:
Chancellor Merkel
insists that the BND
has already identified
the corrupt agents
and contained
the intelligence breach.
She has ensured her
internationaI counterparts...
REPORTER 3:
Indictments are now
expected within the week,
and Congress has demanded
that Deputy Director
Harlan Whitford
testify before
a Senate subcommittee
in an effort to
determine how many peopIe
at the CIA are
involved in this
and just how far up
the corruption reaches.
(UPBEAT SONG PLAYING)
(INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)